HTML
Hyper Text Markup Language


HW 6/4:
#hw:
1)make BST from scratch
2)letting me know whether making website using github page worked
3) updating website about data structures you learned. Write
how each of them works and talk a bit about O(1). also how to return a reversed
list in fast manner

Essay of comparing Python and C
#Key words/points: interpretation, compiling, machine code, executing 

Playing different music for different screens or events of the game

Ask teacher Josh for basic template of web.html on gmail + prepare a design of how you want your web page to look (can be drawing or done on computer. What kind of content do you want to have on your web?)

Send Github link through gmail + update latest game to your github

Read up on examples of malloc, xalloc and other types of allocation functions in C. Prepare me example codes you encountered and thought were cool or interesting. 

My essay:

    Although Python and C are both object-oriented programing languages, both have many differences. Python uses compiling and interpretation to read the machine code, so that it can start executing the code. C requires the coder making their own space and many things must be created by type, unlike python which has many "assisted" features hard-drived into the language. Python is slower due to more premade features. Both have ups and downs, and in the end, Python is easier to code, but C is faster. Coders have 2 great options.

Link:

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-memory-allocation-in-c-using-malloc-calloc-free-and-realloc/

Definitions:

C malloc() method
The “malloc” or “memory allocation” method in C is used to dynamically allocate a single large block of memory with the specified size. It returns a pointer of type void which can be cast into a pointer of any form. It doesn’t Initialize memory at execution time so that it has initialized each block with the default garbage value initially. 

C calloc() method
“calloc” or “contiguous allocation” method in C is used to dynamically allocate the specified number of blocks of memory of the specified type. it is very much similar to malloc() but has two different points and these are:
It initializes each block with a default value ‘0’.
It has two parameters or arguments as compare to malloc().

C free() method
“free” method in C is used to dynamically de-allocate the memory. The memory allocated using functions malloc() and calloc() is not de-allocated on their own. Hence the free() method is used, whenever the dynamic memory allocation takes place. It helps to reduce wastage of memory by freeing it.

C realloc() method
“realloc” or “re-allocation” method in C is used to dynamically change the memory allocation of a previously allocated memory. In other words, if the memory previously allocated with the help of malloc or calloc is insufficient, realloc can be used to dynamically re-allocate memory. re-allocation of memory maintains the already present value and new blocks will be initialized with the default garbage value.

HW: check out data structures: queue, stack, set, dequeue
Linked list

write an essay showing how they differ

The queue data structure works like a queue, what is at the front gets read first, and first to be dequeued. It does not range from smallest to biggest, only first in queue to last in the queue.

The stack data structure works like queue, but the top gets removed, or "pop"ed out first.

A set can work like a binary search tree, "bigger or higher?". No duplicates. It can check if an element is present. It can be an organized set or not. (order number wise)

A dequeue or "Double Ended Queue" is a type of queue that allows input on a singular side by choice, then is allowed to take from either end in the queue.

These data structures can be checked if empty or full.
